
Sixty seconds. That's how long we're required to stand on our metal circles
before the sound of a gong releases us. Step off before the minute is up,
and land mines blow your legs off. Sixty seconds to take in the ring of
tributes all equidistant from the Cornucopia, a giant golden horn shaped
like a cone with a curved tail, the mouth of which is at least twenty feet
high, spilling over with the things that will give us life here in the
arena. Food, containers of water, weapons, medicine, garments, fire
starters. Strewn around the Cornucopia are other supplies, their value
decreasing the farther they are from the horn. For instance, only a few
steps from my feet lies a three-foot square of plastic. Certainly it could
be of some use in a downpour. But there in the mouth, I can see a tent pack
that would protect from almost any sort of weather. If I had the guts to go
in and fight for it against the other twenty-three tributes. Which I have
been instructed not to do.

We're on a flat, open stretch of ground. A plain of hard-packed dirt. Behind
the tributes across from me, I can see nothing, indicating either a steep
downward slope or even a cliff. To my right lies a lake. To my left and back,
sparse piney woods. This is where Haymitch would want me to go. Immediately.

I hear his instructions in my head. "Just clear out, put as much distance as
you can between yourselves and the others, and find a source of water."

But it's tempting, so tempting, when I see the bounty waiting there before
me. And I know that if I don't get it, someone else will. That the Career
Tributes who survive the bloodbath will divide up most of these
life-sustaining spoils. Something catches my eye. There, resting on a mound
of blanket rolls, is a silver sheath of arrows and a bow, already strung,
just waiting to be engaged. That's mine, I think. It's meant for me.

I'm fast. I can sprint faster than any of the girls in our school, although
a couple can beat me in distance races. But this forty-yard length, this is
what I am built for. I know I can get it, I know I can reach it first, but
then the question is how quickly can I get out of there? By the time I've
scrambled up the packs and grabbed the weapons, others will have reached
the horn, and one or two I might be able to pick off, but say there's a
dozen, at that close range, they could take me down with the spears and the
clubs. Or their own powerful fists. Still, I won't be the only target. I'm
betting many of the other tributes would pass up a smaller girl, even one
who scored an eleven in training, to take out their more fierce adversaries.

Haymitch has never seen me run. Maybe if he had he'd tell me to go for it.
Get the weapon. Since that's the very weapon that might be my salvation.
And I only see one bow in that whole pile. I know the minute must be almost
up and will have to decide what my strategy will be and I find myself
positioning my feet to run, not away into the surrounding forests but
toward the pile, toward the bow. When suddenly I notice Peeta, he's about
five tributes to my right, quite a fair distance, still I can tell he's
looking at me and I think he might be shaking his head. But the sun's in my
eyes, and while I'm puzzling over it the gong rings out.
